<sup>[&larr; Previous lecture](/files/13.md)|[&uarr; Back to course home page](/README.md)</sup>  

# Final Project

### Interactive Media
The final project is a work of Interactive Media. You express your own view on politics and code. You can program an application, make a website, design a graphic novel, or make a video - you may just use any of IM's methods.

The goal is to show the project to the public (sort of) at the IM show case.

### Writing and Documentation
- In an essay you describe your project: The idea, the process of finding it, designing and developing the project, its technical as well as aesthetic considerations. The concept should be discussed from the perspective of critique: What do you want to achieve? Why is this important to you and why do you think it is meaningful to others?
- In the last class you give a presentation of your project which we will discuss.

### Group work
- Working in groups is highly recommended. Grades for group submissions will be equally assigned.

## Guidelines
- Project can be presented in public.
- All code is commented.
- Essay is c. 3,000 to 6,000 characters and follows the [guidelines](https://github.com/jbenno/nyuad_politics_of_code/wiki/Guidelines).
- Presentation is 5 to 7 slides (or equivalent), c. 5 to 10 minutes.
- Code, designs, images, texts, etc. is submitted via NYU Classes as documents or links to a repository.
***

<sup>[&larr; Previous lecture](/files/13.md)|[&uarr; Back to course home page](/README.md)</sup>  
  
<sup>NYU Abu Dhabi ***[Politics of Code](/README.md)*** by [Joerg Blumtritt](https://jbenno.net) [@jbenno](https://twitter.com/jbenno) - Other classes I teach: [github.com/jbenno](https://github.com/jbenno/teaching/blob/master/README.md)</sup>
